Desktop App Automatic & Manual Updates (#5628)
mattermost/docs: source/install/desktop-msi-installer-and-group-policy-install.rst

   .. image:: ../images/desktop/msi_gpo/msi_gpo_installation_test_00011.png

4. In the resulting window, add desired Mattermost servers using a memorable name (i.e., Community) and the web URL of the Mattermost server (i.e., https://community.mattermost.com).

5. Select **OK** twice, then close the **Edit group policy** app.

   .. image:: ../images/desktop/msi_gpo/msi_gpo_installation_test_00012.png

Verify group policy settings have been applied
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. Open up the ``Registry Editor`` by selecting **Start**, typing ``Registry Editor`` in the search field, then selecting the **Registry Editor** option in the search results.

   .. image:: ../images/desktop/msi_gpo/msi_gpo_installation_test_00013.png

2. In the **Registry Editor** window, navigate to ``Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Mattermost\DefaultServerList`` and verify the servers you added using the **Edit group policy** app are listed.

3. Once verified, close the **Registry Editor**.

   .. image:: ../images/desktop/msi_gpo/msi_gpo_installation_test_00014.png

> Install Mattermost Desktop using the MSI installer

Reviewer: Is this a different app to the Desktop App?

Author: Great catch! Fixed.

> Install Mattermost Desktop using the MSI installer

Author: ```suggestion
Install the Mattermost Desktop App using the MSI installer:
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> 1. Within the folder the MSI installer was downloaded to, double0click on the MSI installer to begin the Mattermost Desktop installation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Within the folder the MSI installer was downloaded to, double-click on the MSI installer to begin the Mattermost Desktop installation process.
```

Reviewer: Also see above re: Desktop/Desktop App
